ladies and gentlemen Apple Computer
shareholders and investors may I
introduce the founder of Apple computers
mr. Steve Jobs
welcome everyone in the last three years
Apple computers has introduced I
technology that has changed the world
the ipod the imac the ibook the iphone
the I picture frame the ilab the I
microwave and the I vacuum
tonight I will unveil to you our newest
I technology and it will synergize with
all of our eye products ladies and
gentlemen I give you the Iraq
the Iraq looks unstable trust me the
intelligence briefings I got on the Iraq
are completely credible the Iraq looks
like something we shouldn't be involved
with it looks like you put it together
with no directions I'm confident the
Iraq will work without any directions or
plans of any sort the Iraq looks all
shaky I mean you are gonna fix it right
wrong this is the Iraq as we intended
mission accomplished now I'm going to
put our eye products into the Iraq don't
force them in there I know what I'm
doing I'm not dumb the Iraq looks like
it doesn't even want those things in
there
don't worry I know what's best for the
Iraq don't worry in the Iraq it will
collapse on itself wrong what the Iraq
needs is more theme should be putting
more things and you should be taking
things out yeah get things out of the
Iraq does everyone here want me to take
things out of the Iraq I hear what
you're saying and the answer is no I'm
going to put even more things in the
Iraq but the I products don't even look
like they're getting along in the Iraq
they look like they hate each other in
there that's that's just the beginnings
of synergy I will help the process along
by throwing the rest of our money at the
Iraq
that's not gold rush we did not support
you with this I don't care guess what
i'm going to put 21,000 more things in
the eye oh my god the fire from the Iraq
isn't gulping the entire building you
can't get out of here there is no exit
strategy I want you all to stop focusing
on the Iraq and start focusing on our
newest product